1776. New York City
Pardon me. Are you Aaron Burr, sir?
That depends. Who’s asking?
Oh, well, sure, sir
I’m Alexander Hamilton, I’m at your service, sir
I have been looking for you
I’m getting nervous
Sir…
I heard your name at Princeton. I was seeking an accelerated course of study when I got sort of out of sorts with a buddy of yours. I may have punched him. It’s a blur, sir. He handles the financials?
You punched the bursar
Yes!
I wanted to do what you did. Graduate in two, then join the revolution. He looked at me like I was stupid, I’m not stupid
So how’d you do it? How’d you graduate so fast?
It was my parents’ dying wish before they passed
You’re an orphan? Of course! I’m an orphan
God, I wish there was a war!
Then we could prove that we’re worth more
Than anyone bargained for…
Can I buy you a drink?
That would be nice
While we’re talking, let me offer you some free advice
Talk less
What?
Smile more
Ha
Don’t let them know what you’re against or what you’re for
You can’t be serious
You wanna get ahead?
Yes
Fools who run their mouths off wind up dead
Yo yo yo yo yo!
What time is it?
Show time!
…like I said…
Show time! Show time! Yo!
I’m John Laurens in the place to be!
Two pints o’ Sam Adams, but I’m workin’ on three, uh!
Those redcoats don’t want it with me!
Cuz I will pop chick-a pop these cops till I’m free!
Oui oui, mon ami, je m’appelle Lafayette!
The Lancelot of the revolutionary set!
I came from afar just to say “Bonsoir!”
Tell the King “Casse toi!” Who’s the best?
C’est moi!
Brrrah brraaah! I am Hercules Mulligan
Up in it, lovin’ it, yes I heard ya mother said “Come again?”
Lock up ya daughters and horses, of course
It’s hard to have intercourse over four sets of corsets…
No more sex, pour me another brew, son!
Let’s raise a couple more…
To the revolution!
Well, if it ain’t the prodigy of Princeton college!
Aaron Burr!
Give us a verse, drop some knowledge!
Good luck with that: you’re takin’ a stand
You spit. I’m ‘a sit. We’ll see where we land
Boooo!
Burr, the revolution’s imminent. What do you stall for?
If you stand for nothing, Burr, what’ll you fall for?
