It must be nice, it must be nice to have Washington on your side
It must be nice, it must be nice to have Washington on your side
Ev’ry action has its equal, opposite reactions
Thanks to Hamilton, our cab’net’s fractured into factions
Try not to crack under the stress, we’re breaking down like fractions
We smack each other in the press, and we don’t print retractions
I get no satisfaction witnessing his fits of passion
The way he primps and preens and dresses like the pits of fashion
Our poorest citizens, our farmers, live ration to ration
As Wall Street robs ‘em blind in search of chips to cash in
This prick is askin’ for someone to bring him to task
Somebody gimme some dirt on this vacuous mass so we can at last unmask him
I’ll pull the trigger on him, someone load the gun and cock it
While we were all watching, he got Washington in his pocket
It must be nice, it must be nice to have Washington on your side
It must be nice, it must be nice to have Washington on your side
Look back at the Bill of Rights
Which I wrote
The ink hasn’t dried
It must be nice, it must be nice to have Washington on your side
So he’s doubled the size of the government
Wasn’t the trouble with much of our previous government size?
Look in his eyes!
See how he lies
Follow the scent of his enterprise
Centralizing national credit
And making American credit competitive
If we don’t stop it we aid and abet it
I have to resign
Somebody has to stand up for the South!
Somebody has to stand up to his mouth!
If there’s a fire you’re trying to douse
You can’t put it out from inside the house
I’m in the cabinet. I am complicit in
Watching him grabbin’ at power and kiss it
If Washington isn’t gon’ listen
To disciplined dissidents, this is the difference:
This kid is out!
Oh!
This immigrant isn’t somebody we chose
Oh!
This immigrant’s keeping us all on our toes
Oh!
Let’s show these Federalists who they’re up against!
Oh!
Southern motherfuckin’—
Democratic-Republicans!
Oh!
Let’s follow the money and see where it goes
Oh!
Because every second the Treasury grows
Oh!
If we follow the money and see where it leads
Get in the weeds, look for the seeds of Hamilton’s misdeeds
It must be nice. It must be nice
Follow the money and see where it goes
It must be nice. It must be nice
The emperor has no clothes
We won’t be invisible. We won’t be denied. Still
It must be nice, it must be nice to have Washington on your side
