Mr. President, you asked to see me?
I know you’re busy
What do you need, sir? Sir?
I wanna give you a word of warning
Sir, I don’t know what you heard but whatever it is, Jefferson started it
Thomas Jefferson resigned this morning
You’re kidding
I need a favor
Whatever you say, sir, Jefferson will pay for his behavior
Shh. Talk less
I’ll use the press
I’ll write under a pseudonym, you’ll see what I can do to him—
I need you to draft an address
Yes! He resigned. You can finally speak your mind—
No, he’s stepping down so he can run for President
Ha. Good luck defeating you, sir
I’m stepping down. I’m not running for President
I’m sorry, what?
One last time
Relax, have a drink with me
One last time
Let’s take a break tonight
And then we’ll teach them how to say goodbye
To say goodbye
You and I
No, sir, why?
I wanna talk about neutrality
Sir, with Britain and France on the verge of war, is this the best time—
I want to warn against partisan fighting
But—
Pick up a pen, start writing
I wanna talk about what I have learned
The hard-won wisdom I have earned
As far as the people are concerned
You have to serve, you could continue to serve—
No! One last time
The people will hear from me
One last time
And if we get this right
We’re gonna teach ‘em how to say goodbye
You and I—
Mr. President, they will say you’re weak
No, they will see we’re strong
Your position is so unique
So I’ll use it to move them along
Why do you have to say goodbye?
If I say goodbye, the nation learns to move on
It outlives me when I’m gone
Like the scripture says:
“Everyone shall sit under their own vine and fig tree
And no one shall make them afraid.”
They’ll be safe in the nation we’ve made
I wanna sit under my own vine and fig tree
A moment alone in the shade
At home in this nation we’ve made
One last time
One last time
Though, in reviewing the incidents of my administration, I am unconscious of intentional error, I am nevertheless too sensible of my defects not to think it probable that I may have committed many errors. I shall also carry with me
The hope that my country will view them with indulgence
And that after forty-five years of my life dedicated to its service with an upright zeal the faults of incompetent abilities will be consigned to oblivion, as I myself must soon be to the mansions of rest
I anticipate with pleasing expectation that retreat in which I promise myself to realize the sweet enjoyment of partaking, in the midst of my fellow-citizens, the benign influence of good laws
Under a free government, the ever-favorite object of my heart, and the happy reward, as I trust of our mutual cares, labors, and dangers.
One last time
George Washington’s going home!
Teach ‘em how to say goodbye
You and I
Going home
History has its eyes on you
We’re gonna teach ‘em how to say goodbye!
Teach ‘em how to say
Goodbye
To say goodbye!
Say goodbye!
One last time!
