Meet the latest graduate of King’s College!
I prob’ly shouldn’t brag, but, dag, I amaze and astonish!
The scholars say I got the same virtuosity and brains as my pops!
The ladies say my brain’s not where the resemblance stops!
I’m only nineteen but my mind is older
Gotta be my own man, like my father, but bolder
I shoulder his legacy with pride
I used to hear him say
That someday
I would—
Blow us all away
Ladies, I’m lookin for a Mr. George Eacker
Made a speech last week, our Fourth of July speaker
He disparaged my father’s legacy in front of a crowd
I can’t have that, I’m making my father proud
I saw him just up Broadway a couple of blocks
He was goin’ to see a play
Well, I’ll go visit his box
God, you’re a fox
And y’all look pretty good in ya’ frocks
How ‘bout when I get back, we all strip down to our socks?
Ok!
Blow us all away!
George!
Shh
George!
Shh! I’m tryin’ to watch the show!
Ya’ shoulda watched your mouth before you
Talked about my father though!
I didn’t say anything that wasn’t true
Your father’s a scoundrel, and so, it seems, are you
Ooooooooooh!
It’s like that?
Yeah, I don’t fool around
I’m not your little schoolboy friends
See you on the dueling ground
That is, unless you wanna step outside and go now
I know where to find you, piss off
I’m watchin’ this show now
Pops, if you had only heard the shit he said about you
I doubt you would have let it slide and I was not about to—
Slow down
I came to ask you for advice. This is my very first duel
They don’t exactly cover this subject in boarding school
Did your friends attempt to negotiate a peace?
He refused to apologize, we had to let the peace talks cease
Where is this happening?
Across the river, in Jersey
Everything is legal in New Jersey…
Alright. So this is what you’re gonna do:
Stand there like a man until Eacker is in front of you
When the time comes, fire your weapon in the air
This will put an end to the whole affair
But what if he decides to shoot? Then I’m a goner
No. He’ll follow suit if he’s truly a man of honor
To take someone’s life, that is something you can’t shake
Philip, your mother can’t take another heartbreak
Father—
Promise me. You don’t want this
Young man’s blood on your conscience
Okay, I promise
Come back home when you’re done
Take my guns. Be smart. Make me proud, son
My name is Philip
I am a poet
I’m a little nervous, but I can’t show it
I’m sorry, I’m a Hamilton with pride
You talk about my father, I cannot let it slide
Mister Eacker! How was the rest of your show?
I’d rather skip the pleasantries
Let’s go
Grab your pistol
Confer with your men
The duel will commence after we count to ten
Count to ten!
Look ‘em in the eye, aim no higher
Summon all the courage you require
Then slowly and clearly aim your gun towards the sky—
One two three four
Five six seven—
